---
layout: post
title:  "2020/07/12 Note"
author:
- Nathan Irvin Roberson
description: A note about writing notes
---

# References
- [How to wite with vscode](https://medium.com/@jay.penner/writing-novels-and-non-fiction-with-visual-studio-code-6d6ccd1561a5)
- [Trump approval rating](https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/trump-approval-ratings/?cid=rrpromo)

# COVID-19 Thoughts
- Seeing a large number of people at the beach and in restaurants, walking around without masks and not distanced from each other.


# Political Thoughts
- Why did people want trump?
    - Globalization support by Obama caused alot of manufacturing jobs to go overseas. 
    - Cheaper manufacturing allowed for goods to be produced much cheaper which has benefitted much of the western world.
- Why is Trump bad?
    - Coronavirus
        - Completely disregarded the beginning of the coronavirus pandemic. Could have established a very conservative approach to testing and mask usage and general recognition of the virus which would have had a very different outcome.
        - Yes, we did put a travel ban in place, so did these other countries that were able to effectively cut the infection rates and are doing much better now, why?
        - Ever country besides X countries have banned travel from U.S. citizens.
        - Supported therapeutics that were not shown to have proven positive impacts.
        - Short term impacts: infection, death, economic demand shock
        - Long term impacts: reduced lung function, unknown
        - 
- Swing states: Colorado, Florida, Iowa, Michigan, Nevada, New Hampshire, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia and Wisconsin.
- You have two real actions of influence and with enough support we hold alot of the power.
- It is in the interest of bad actors to support identity politics so that we remain as divided as possible and do not have collective power.

